---
custom/attributetest/MultiOptionTest: "1.0"
custom/extended/ChildWidget: "1.0"
custom/extended/GrandParentWidget: "1.0"
custom/extended/ParentWidget: "1.0"
custom/feedback/CustomAnswerFeedback: "1.0"
custom/feedback/ExtendedCustomAnswerFeedback: "1.0"
custom/sample/SampleWidget: "1.0"
custom/subattrtest/BaseSubAttrTest: "1.0"
custom/subattrtest/ChildSubAttrTest: "1.0"
custom/viewhelpertest/ExtendWithoutAnyHelper: "1.0"
custom/viewhelpertest/HelperExtender: "1.0"
custom/viewhelpertest/ViewHelper: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/CustomAnswerFeedback: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/CustomQuestionDetail: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/ExtendFromWidgetWithPartial: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/ExtendedCustomAnswerFeedback: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/ExtendedCustomQuestionDetail: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/InfiniteLoop: "1.0"
custom/viewpartialtest/WidgetsInViewPartials: "1.0"
standard/chat/ChatAgentStatus: current
standard/chat/ChatAttachFileButton: current
standard/chat/ChatCancelButton: current
standard/chat/ChatCoBrowseButton: current
standard/chat/ChatCobrowsePremium: current
standard/chat/ChatDisconnectButton: current
standard/chat/ChatEngagementStatus: current
standard/chat/ChatHours: current
standard/chat/ChatLaunchButton: current
standard/chat/ChatOffTheRecordButton: current
standard/chat/ChatOffTheRecordDialog: current
standard/chat/ChatPostMessage: current
standard/chat/ChatPrintButton: current
standard/chat/ChatQueueSearch: current
standard/chat/ChatQueueWaitTime: current
standard/chat/ChatRequestEmailResponseButton: current
standard/chat/ChatSendButton: current
standard/chat/ChatServerConnect: current
standard/chat/ChatSoundButton: current
standard/chat/ChatStatus: current
standard/chat/ChatTranscript: current
standard/chat/ChatVideoChat: current
standard/chat/ConditionalChatLink: current
standard/chat/ProactiveChat: current
standard/chat/VirtualAssistantAvatar: current
standard/discussion/BestAnswerDisplay: current
standard/discussion/ForumList: current
standard/discussion/QuestionComments: current
standard/discussion/QuestionDetail: current
standard/discussion/QuestionList: current
standard/discussion/QuestionStatus: current
standard/discussion/RecentlyAnsweredQuestions: current
standard/discussion/RecentlyAskedQuestions: current
standard/discussion/RecentlyViewedContent: current
standard/discussion/RelatedKnowledgebaseAnswers: current
standard/feedback/AnswerFeedback: current
standard/feedback/BasicAnswerFeedback: current
standard/feedback/SiteFeedback: current
standard/feedback/SocialContentFlagging: current
standard/feedback/SocialContentRating: current
standard/input/AssetCheck: current
standard/input/BasicCustomAllInput: current
standard/input/BasicDateInput: current
standard/input/BasicFormInput: current
standard/input/BasicFormStatusDisplay: current
standard/input/BasicFormSubmit: current
standard/input/BasicPasswordInput: current
standard/input/BasicProductCategoryInput: current
standard/input/BasicSelectionInput: current
standard/input/BasicSmartAssistant: current
standard/input/BasicTextInput: current
standard/input/ChannelAllInput: current
standard/input/ContactNameInput: current
standard/input/CustomAllInput: current
standard/input/DateInput: current
standard/input/DisplayNameInput: current
standard/input/EmailCheck: current
standard/input/FileAttachmentUpload: current
standard/input/FormInput: current
standard/input/FormSubmit: current
standard/input/MobileProductCategoryInput: current
standard/input/PasswordInput: current
standard/input/ProductCatalogInput: current
standard/input/ProductCategoryInput: current
standard/input/RichTextInput: current
standard/input/SelectionInput: current
standard/input/SmartAssistantDialog: current
standard/input/SocialFileAttachmentUpload: current
standard/input/SocialUserAvatar: current
standard/input/TextInput: current
standard/knowledgebase/GuidedAssistant: current
standard/knowledgebase/RelatedAnswers: current
standard/knowledgebase/RssIcon: current
standard/knowledgebase/SearchSuggestions: current
standard/knowledgebase/TopicBrowse: current
standard/knowledgebase/TopicWords: current
standard/login/AccountDropdown: current
standard/login/BasicEmailCredentials: current
standard/login/BasicLoginForm: current
standard/login/BasicLogoutLink: current
standard/login/BasicResetPassword: current
standard/login/EmailCredentials: current
standard/login/LoginDialog: current
standard/login/LoginForm: current
standard/login/LogoutLink: current
standard/login/OpenLogin: current
standard/login/ResetPassword: current
standard/moderation/ActivityCharts: current
standard/moderation/ModerationAction: current
standard/moderation/ModerationContentFlagFilter: current
standard/moderation/ModerationDateFilter: current
standard/moderation/ModerationFilterBreadcrumbs: current
standard/moderation/ModerationFilterDialog: current
standard/moderation/ModerationGrid: current
standard/moderation/ModerationInlineAction: current
standard/moderation/ModerationProfile: current
standard/moderation/ModerationStatusFilter: current
standard/moderation/ModerationSummaryTable: current
standard/navigation/Accordion: current
standard/navigation/DiscussionPagination: current
standard/navigation/MobileNavigationMenu: current
standard/navigation/NavigationTab: current
standard/navigation/ProductCategoryBreadcrumb: current
standard/navigation/VisualProductCategorySelector: current
standard/notifications/AnswerNotificationIcon: current
standard/notifications/AnswerNotificationManager: current
standard/notifications/DiscussionAuthorSubscription: current
standard/notifications/DiscussionSubscriptionIcon: current
standard/notifications/DiscussionSubscriptionManager: current
standard/notifications/ProdCatNotificationManager: current
standard/notifications/Unsubscribe: current
standard/okcs/AnswerContent: current
standard/okcs/AnswerField: current
standard/okcs/AnswerList: current
standard/okcs/AnswerStatus: current
standard/okcs/AnswerTitle: current
standard/okcs/ContentType: current
standard/okcs/ContentTypeNotificationManager: current
standard/okcs/DocumentRating: current
standard/okcs/Facet: current
standard/okcs/LoadingIndicator: current
standard/okcs/OkcsAnswerNotificationManager: current
standard/okcs/OkcsEmailAnswerLink: current
standard/okcs/OkcsInteractiveSpellChecker: current
standard/okcs/OkcsManageRecommendations: current
standard/okcs/OkcsPagination: current
standard/okcs/OkcsProductCategoryBreadcrumb: current
standard/okcs/OkcsProductCategoryImageDisplay: current
standard/okcs/OkcsProductCategoryInput: current
standard/okcs/OkcsProductCategorySearchFilter: current
standard/okcs/OkcsRecentlyViewedContent: current
standard/okcs/OkcsRecommendContent: current
standard/okcs/OkcsRelatedAnswers: current
standard/okcs/OkcsSimpleSearch: current
standard/okcs/OkcsSmartAssistant: current
standard/okcs/OkcsSuggestions: current
standard/okcs/OkcsVisualProductCategorySelector: current
standard/okcs/RecentSearches: current
standard/okcs/RelatedKnowledgeAdvanceAnswers: current
standard/okcs/SearchRating: current
standard/okcs/SearchResult: current
standard/okcs/SubscriptionButton: current
standard/okcs/SupportedLanguages: current
standard/output/ChannelAllDisplay: current
standard/output/CustomAllDisplay: current
standard/output/DataDisplay: current
standard/output/FieldDisplay: current
standard/output/FileListDisplay: current
standard/output/IncidentThreadDisplay: current
standard/output/ProductCatalogDisplay: current
standard/output/ProductCategoryDisplay: current
standard/output/ProductCategoryImageDisplay: current
standard/reports/BasicMultiline: current
standard/reports/BasicPaginator: current
standard/reports/BasicResultInfo: current
standard/reports/Grid: current
standard/reports/MobileMultiline: current
standard/reports/Multiline: current
standard/reports/Paginator: current
standard/reports/ResultInfo: current
standard/reports/TopAnswers: current
standard/search/AdvancedSearchDialog: current
standard/search/AssetOrgList: current
standard/search/BasicDisplaySearchFilters: current
standard/search/BasicKeywordSearch: current
standard/search/BasicProductCategorySearchFilter: current
standard/search/BrowserSearchPlugin: current
standard/search/CombinedSearchResults: current
standard/search/DisplaySearchFilters: current
standard/search/FilterDropdown: current
standard/search/KeywordText: current
standard/search/MobileProductCategoryList: current
standard/search/MobileProductCategorySearchFilter: current
standard/search/OrgList: current
standard/search/ProductCatalogSearchFilter: current
standard/search/ProductCategoryList: current
standard/search/ProductCategorySearchFilter: current
standard/search/SearchButton: current
standard/search/SearchTypeList: current
standard/search/SimpleSearch: current
standard/search/SortList: current
standard/search/WebSearchSort: current
standard/search/WebSearchType: current
standard/searchsource/DisplaySearchSourceFilters: current
standard/searchsource/MobileSourceProductCategorySearchFilter: current
standard/searchsource/SocialResultListing: current
standard/searchsource/SourceFilter: current
standard/searchsource/SourcePagination: current
standard/searchsource/SourceProductCategorySearchFilter: current
standard/searchsource/SourceResultDetails: current
standard/searchsource/SourceResultListing: current
standard/searchsource/SourceSearchButton: current
standard/searchsource/SourceSearchField: current
standard/searchsource/SourceSort: current
standard/searchsource/SummaryResultListing: current
standard/social/AnswerComments: current
standard/social/CommunityPostDisplay: current
standard/social/CommunityPostSubmit: current
standard/social/CommunityPosts: current
standard/social/CommunitySearchResults: current
standard/social/CommunityUserDisplay: current
standard/surveys/Polling: current
standard/surveys/ProactiveSurveyLink: current
standard/surveys/SurveyLink: current
standard/user/AvatarDisplay: current
standard/user/RecentlyActiveUsers: current
standard/user/UserActivity: current
standard/user/UserContributions: current
standard/user/UserInfoDialog: current
standard/user/UserList: current
standard/user/UserStatus: current
standard/utils/AdvancedSecurityHeaders: current
standard/utils/AnnouncementText: current
standard/utils/Blank: current
standard/utils/CapabilityDetector: current
standard/utils/ClickjackPrevention: current
standard/utils/CoBrowseLink: current
standard/utils/CobrowsePremium: current
standard/utils/ContactUs: current
standard/utils/EmailAnswerLink: current
standard/utils/OracleLogo: current
standard/utils/PageSetSelector: current
standard/utils/PrintPageLink: current
standard/utils/ProgressBar: current
standard/utils/SocialBookmarkLink: current
standard/utils/TwitterPosts: current
standard/okcs/OkcsTranslatedAnswerSelector: current
standard/okcs/FavoritesButton: current
standard/okcs/OkcsFavoritesList: current
standard/okcs/FacetFilter: current
standard/okcs/OkcsApiTimingOnRefPage: current
standard/okcs/OkcsSetNotificationFrequency: current
...
